Functionalities of Rachel's Roses

Recipe Measurement Converter
	Get area of pans (circular, sqaure and rectangular pans) and be able to aggregate the volumes. 
	This will allow me to calculate the percent I need to convert the recipe based off of the original recipe's pan volume. If I am dealing with one of my cakes that does 2 8" round pans, I want to be able to calculate the multiplier for other pans. 
	I can do this either by converting all of the ingredients to tablespoons, knowing that it can be easier to deal with tablespoons, or I can do it by having 4 different sets of logic for when I calculate cups, tablespoons and teaspoons with the multiplier and measurement conversions. Along with this, if I am dealing with .125 cups, I would rather have this be 2 tablespoons. 
			I have already developed something to convert everything to tablespoons and it got dicey fast unfortunately. I would suggest having different logic that isn't so tightly coupled. It turned into tight coupling despite having TDD, or at least it got to the point that I didn't like the result. I'm going to try convering things in their own units of measurements, and I can just say, for example for cups, if a number is divisible by 16, 8, 4 and 2 to turn that into the respective 1, .5, .25 and .125 cups and go from there. 
	As soon as I can correctly convert all of my measurements, I can then use a percent calculator of the pan I'm using and the yielding pan of the original recipe and it will result in my multiplier for my recipe. 
			Thinking with this, I should be able to just have something that can give me the best measurement (as per example before, .125 cups is also 2 tablespoons, we just check to see if it is divisible by 8). 
	Major functionalities: 
		Percent calculator
		Volume aggregator
		Get varoius pan volumes
		Convert measurements to cups, tablespoons and teaspoons
		Multiply a recipe by a multiplier from the percent calculator concerning the desired pan and the regulatd yielding pan for that recipe. 
		Total cups used (translating from teaspoons and tablespoons) to allow for better lists for needed ingredients. 
THIS IS NOT FINISHED YET
	

Price Analysis and Evaluator
	Get the prices of individual ingredients as well as whole recipes. Knowing the individual prices allow better calculations for comparing different brands for ingredients and knowing which ingredients are the most costly. In my opinion, it can also allows an easier aggregator for the whole recipe. 
	Using a functionality of a price analysis opens the world of business in with baking and cake decorating. 
	For a profit calculator for paying workers, this is done by taking the money we made and subtracting the actual price of all the ingredients and materials. That difference is then calculated by however many workers there were. If there were 2 workers, we paid 350 for ingredients and we made 600, our profits/"wages" would be $125 a piece. 
	For a product price calculator, this is done by looking at the individual costs it takes to make the product and adding a profit to it (an 85% profit of a loaf of bread that costs $3.50 to make would be var Profit = 3.50*.85 and var Final Price = 3.50 + Profit. 
	A good idea for more introductions to "databases" is to load my profit/costs results into a database and whenever I go to check the aggregated cost and profit of a product, I could submit the data, run it against that which is in the database, and if it is the same, or within a 5% margin, I could return a bool that says true for whether or not we could use that price...
	To go along with a price calculator, I want to be able to search through the walmart API and if I make a get request for "flour", I want it to be able to give me all of the responses for flour with sizes and prices. Then, I can choose one and my code can evaluate the prices for each of the items I choose, or for each of the items that show as a result of the get result. 
	Major functionalities: 
		Profit calculator for workers
		Total Estimated Price: 
		Total Actual Price: 
		Difference calculator of estimated and actual
		Product price calculator
		Get a list of products with a key word

Nutritional Analysis
	Get the nutritional information of individual ingredeints as well as whole recipes with serving sizes and calories. This would include the entire nutritional lablel that is standard on products sold, which includes calories, calories from fat, servings per container, serving sizes, total fat, saturated fat, trans fat, cholesteral, sodium, total carbs, dietary fiber, sugars, protein, vitmains A, C, Calcium and Iron. I also want the % Daily Value with percentages, as well as the ingredients in my products in the required orders. This will be able to write this information into a word file, which I would like to be able to customize the format of the word file to print on some large labels so I could print them and place on bread, etc. if needed. If no labels, then just write to a word document. 
	
	Major functionalities: 
		Print accurate nutritional facts, incl. servings, serving size and calories
		% Daily Value according to a 2000 calorie diet
		Write to a standard word file 
		Write to a customized word file with 4"x6" labels  